feat(text-tracks): Use track label instead of lang (#318)
videojs/videojs-contrib-dash: README.md

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Protected Content](#protected-content)
- [Captions](#captions)

> - [Multiple Language Labels](#multiple-language-labels)

Reviewer: I think `Multi-Language Labels` is better here, as "Multiple Language Labels" could be understood as "Multiple (Language Labels)" when what we mean is "(Multiple Language) Labels", if you get what I mean.

A warning will be logged if this setting is not applied.

## Multiple Language Labels

> When labels in a playlist file contain multiple languages, a 2-character language code should be used.

Reviewer: Sorry to nitpick the English some more...
```suggestion
When labels in a playlist file are in multiple languages, the 2-character language code should be used if it exists; this allows the player to auto-select the appropriate label.
```
